Release/v1.9.301 to develop (#132)
ebi-gene-expression-group/scanpy-scripts: README.md

## Install

> The recommended way of using this package is through the latest container produced by Bioconda [here](https://quay.io/repository/biocontainers/scanpy-scripts?tab=tags). If you must, prefer installing scanpy-scripts is via conda:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way of using this package is through the latest container produced by Bioconda [here](https://quay.io/repository/biocontainers/scanpy-scripts?tab=tags). If you must, one can install scanpy-scripts via conda:
```

  multiplet  Execute methods for multiplet removal.
  plot       Visualise data.
  ```

  ## Versioning

>   Major and major versions will follow the scanpy versions. The first digit of the patch should follow the scanpy patch version as well, subsequent digits in the patch are reserved for changes in this repository.

Reviewer: Not very clear where the `.301` comes from, in this release.
